feat: add `blas/base/sspmv` (#2414)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/base/sspmv/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# sspmv

> > Perform one of the matrix-vector operations `y = α*A*x + β*y` where α and β are scalars, x and y are n element vectors and A is an n by n symmetric matrix, supplied in packed form AP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Perform the matrix-vector operation `y = α*A*x + β*y` where `α` and `β` are scalars, `x` and `y` are `n` element vectors, and `A` is an `n` by `n` symmetric matrix, supplied in packed form AP.
```

<section class = "usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var sspmv = require( '@stdlib/blas/base/sspmv' );
```

#### sspmv( ord, uplo, N, α, AP, x, sx, β, y, sy )

> Performs one of the matrix-vector operations `y = α*A*x + β*y` where α and β are scalars, x and y are n element vectors and A is an n by n symmetric matrix, supplied in packed form AP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performs the matrix-vector operation `y = α*A*x + β*y` where `α` and `β` are scalars, `x` and `y` are `n` element vectors, and `A` is an `n` by `n` symmetric matrix, supplied in packed form AP.
```
